Fix Http Status Code with Otel Bridge (#3265)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Upgrade `golang.org/x/sys/unix` from `v0.0.0-20210423185535-09eb48e85fd7` to `v0.0.0-20220919091848-fb04ddd9f9c8`.
  This addresses [GO-2022-0493](https://pkg.go.dev/vuln/GO-2022-0493). (#3235)
- Update histogram default bounds to match the requirements of the latest specification. (#3222)

> - Fix Http Status Code in OpenTracing bridge (`go.opentelemetry.io/otel/bridge/opentracing`).  (#3265)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Encode the HTTP status code in the OpenTracing bridge (`go.opentelemetry.io/otel/bridge/opentracing`) as an integer.  (#3265)
```
